What to do in an earthquake?
Earthquakes always happens suddenly, so it is difficult to warn people about them.
Usually people have little or no idea about what to do during an earthquake, so here is
some advice.
Inside.
One.
Do not jump out of high buildings.
Two.
Hide under a table.
Stay away from windows and heavy furniture.
Keep clear of fires.
Three.
Leave the building quickly when the ground stops shaking.
But do not use the lift.
Four.
Keep calm, especially when you are with other people.
Be brave and be helpful.
Outside.
One.
Move away from buildings, because parts of a building may fall on you.
Two.
Do not stand near streetlights or under power lines.
Three.
Stay away from bridges and trees.
If you are in a bus or car, stay in it.
Four.
In the mountains, be careful of falling rocks.
Five.
On a beach, run away from the sea and move quickly to higher ground.
In short, follow what you learnt in school.
You can be safe and you can also help save others.